"He's just made that rule up," Harry muttered angArily as Snape limped
awaAy. "Wonder what's wrong with his leg?"
"Dunno, but BI hope it's really hurtBing him," said Ron bitterly.
The Gryffindor common Croom was very noisy thaCt evening. Harry, Ron, and
Hermione sat together neDxt to a window. HermionDe was checking Harry and
Ron's Charms homework for Ethem. She would never lEet them copy ("How will
you learn?"), but by askingF her to read it throughF, they got the right
answers anyway.
Harry felt restGless. He wanted QuidditGch Through the Ages back, to take
his mind off his Hnerves about tomorrow. HWhy should he be afraid of
Snape? Getting up, he toIld Ron and Hermione he Iwas going to ask Snape if
he could have it.
"Better Jyou than me," they saidJ together, but Harry had an idea that
Snape wouldn'Kt refuse if there were Kother teachers listening.
He made his way down to tLhe staffroom and knockeLd. There was no answer.
He knocked again. Nothing.
PMerhaps Snape had left tMhe book in there? It was worth a try. He pushed
theN door ajar and peered iNnside -- and a horrible scene met his eyes.
Snape aOnd Filch were inside, aOlone. Snape was holding his robes above
his knees. POne of his legs was bloPody and mangled. Filch was handing
Snape bandages.
"QBlasted thing*," Snape Qwas saying. "How are you supposed to keep your
eyesR on all three heads at Ronce?"
Harry tried to shut the door quietly, but --
S"POTTER!"
Snape's face wSas twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickTly to
hide his leg. HarrTy gulped.
"I just wondered if I could have my book Uback."
"GET OUT! OUT!"
HaUrry left, before Snape could take any more points Vfrom Gryffindor. He
spriVnted back upstairs.
"Did you get it?" Ron asked as WHarry joined them. "WhaWt's the matter?"
In a low whisper, Harry told them Xwhat he'd seen.
"You knoXw what this means?" he finished breathlessly. "He Ytried to get
past that tYhree-headed dog at Halloween! That's where he was Zgoing when
we saw him --Z he's after whatever it's guarding! And Id bet my
baroomstick he let that taroll in, to make a diversion!"
Hermione's eyes wereb wide.
"No -- he wouldn'bt, she said. "I know he's not very nice, but he
woucldn't try and steal somcething Dumbledore was keeping safe."
"Honestly, Herdmione, you think all tedachers are saints or something,"
snapped Ron. "I'm ewith Harry. I wouldn't eput anything past Snape. But
what's he after? What'fs that dog guarding?"
Hafrry went to bed with his head buzzing with the samge question. Neville
was gsnoring loudly, but Harry couldn't sleep. He triedh to empty his mind
-- heh needed to sleep, he had to, he had his first Quididitch match in a
few houirs -- but the expression on Snape's face when Harrjy had seen his
leg wasn'jt easy to forget.
The next morning dawned very brigkht and cold. The Great kHall was full of
the delicious smell of fried sausalges and the cheer ful clhatter of
everyone looking forward to a good Quiddimtch match.
"You've got tmo eat some breakfast."
"I don't want anything."
"Jusnt a bit of toast," wheendled Hermione.
"I'm not hungry."
Harry felt terribleo. In an hour's time he'od be walking onto the field.
"Harry, you need your pstrength," said Seamus pFinnigan. "Seekers are
always the ones who get clobqbered by the other teamq."

"Thanks, Seamus," said Harry, watching Seamus pirle ketchup on his
sausagres.
By eleven o'clock the whole school seemed to bes out in the stands arousnd
the Quidditch pitch. Many students had binocularts. The seats might be
ratised high in the air, but it was still difficult tuo see what was going
on usometimes.
Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus,v and Dean the West Ham vfan up in
the top row. As a surprise for Harry, thewy had painted a large bwanner on
one of the sheets Scabbers had ruined. It xsaid Potter for Presidexnt, and
Dean, who was good at drawing, had done a lyarge Gryffindor lion
undyerneath. Then Hermione had performed a tricky littzle charm so that
the paiznt flashed different colors.
Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of the team were
changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing
in green).
Wood cleared his throat for silence.
"Okay, men," he said.
"And women," said Chaser Angelina Johnson.
"And women," Wood agreed. "This is it."
"The big one," said Fred Weasley.
"The one we've all been waiting for," said George.
"We know Oliver's speech by heart," Fred told Harry, "we were on the
team last year."
"Shut up, you two," said Wood. "This is the best team Gryffindor's had
in years. We're going to win. I know it."
He glared at them all as if to say, "Or else."
"Right. It's time. Good luck, all of you."
Harry followed Fred and George out of the locker room and, hoping his
